Radio page changes (#12)
Synixe/Documents: guides/players/radios.md

|  AN/PRC-117F |    10-20km   |     Horizon     |

## Terrain & Object Interference 

> When operating radios behind hills and in urban enviorments with many objects radio strength and range will be reduced compared to if you were operating the radio in open terrian or on top of a building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When operating radios behind hills and in urban environments with many objects radio strength and range will be reduced compared to if you were operating the radio in open terrain or on top of a building.
```

<div style="float: right;">
    <img src="/guides/players/img/notification.png"/>
</div>
<div style="clear: both;"></div>
<hr/>

# AN/PRC-148 Usage
The AN/PRC-148 is a long range intra-squad level radio carried and used most commonly by [Team Leaders](/guides/players/teamlead.md) to communicate with one another.
![Diagram](img/148.png)
## Volume Control
Left clicking the Power & Volume knob will increase the 148's volume by 10% to a maximum of 100% while right clicking will decrease the volume by 10% to a minimum of 0% which will turn off the radio.

## Channel Frequency Control
To change the 148's group channel you left click the Channel Selector to cycle up to the next callsign (Alpha > Bravo > Charlie) and right clicking will cycle down to the next callsign (Charlie > Bravo > Alpha). There are 12 channels that Synixe uses, channels 1-7 are Alpha > Foxtrot while channels 8-12 are special channels such as ATC, Medical, Command, etc.

<hr/>

# AN/PRC-117F, AN/VRC-103

> The AN/PRC-117 (or its vehicle configuration AN/VRC-103) is a long range command level radio carried in a backpack (or premounted in vehicles) used by Squad Leaders, Command and Support elements to communicate with one another. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AN/PRC-117 (or its vehicle configuration AN/VRC-103) is a long range command level radio carried in a backpack (or pre-mounted in vehicles) used by Squad Leaders, Command and Support elements to communicate with one another. 
```
